.TH NAMGEN 1 "September 2024" "namgen 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
namgen \- fantasy name generator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B namgen
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Generate random fantasy names from a variety of sources.  By default
it combines an adjective and a noun from the asset lists, but many
specialised generators are available via flags.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-adj-file FILE
Path to a custom adjective list file.
.TP
.B \-e, \-\-exclude STRING
Characters to strip from generated words.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-noun FILE
Path to a custom noun list file.
.TP
.B \-s SEP, \-\-separator SEP
Custom separator string (default: \-).
.TP
.B \-x, \-\-null-separator
Do not print the separator (produces a concatenated name).
.TP
.B \-c COUNT, \-\-count COUNT
Number of names to generate (default: terminal height).
.TP
.B \-\-cap, \-\-capcasing
Capitalize the first letter of **both** adjective and noun (CapWords style).
.TP
.B \-\-camel, \-\-camelcasing
CamelCase style – adjective lower‑cased, noun capitalized.
.TP
.B \-\-debug
Enable debug output (sets the \fBDEBUG=true\fR environment variable).
.TP
.B \-\-elf, \-\-lotr-elf, \-\-lord_of_the_rings-elfs
Generate fantasy‑elf style names (uses the built‑in ELF generator).
.TP
.B \-\-halo-forerunners
Generate Halo “forerunners” style names (ignores adjective/noun files).
.TP
.B \-\-halo-mgalekgolos
Generate Halo “Mgalekgolos” style names (built‑in generator).
.TP
.B \-\-warhammer-daemons_of_chaos
Generate Warhammer “Daemons of Chaos” style names (built‑in generator).
.TP
.B \-\-fantasy-animatronics
Generate fantasy “animatronics” style names (ignores adjective/noun files).
.TP
.B \-\-destiny-awokens
Generate fantasy‑destiny “awokens” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-destiny-cabals
Generate fantasy‑destiny “cabals” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-destiny-exos
Generate fantasy‑destiny “exos” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-destiny-fallens
Generate fantasy‑destiny “fallens” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-destiny-hives
Generate fantasy‑destiny “hives” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-destiny-humans
Generate fantasy‑destiny “humans” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-destiny-vexs
Generate fantasy‑destiny “vexs” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-diablo-angels
Generate Diablo “angels” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-diablo-demons
Generate Diablo “demons” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-diablo-khazras
Generate Diablo “khazras” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-diablo-nephalems
Generate Diablo “nephalems” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-doctor_who-silurians
Generate Doctor Who “Silurians” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-doctor_who-raxacoricofallapatorians
Generate Doctor Who “Raxacoricofallapatorians” (Rift‑Bahmis) style names.
.TP
.B \-\-dragon_age-dwarfs
Generate Dragon Age dwarf names (legacy JavaScript generator).
.TP
.B \-\-dragon_ball-others
Generate Dragon Ball “other …” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-dragon_ball-frieza_clans
Generate Dragon Ball “Frieza Clans” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-dragon_ball-hakaishins
Generate Dragon Ball “Hakaishins” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-dragon_ball-humans
Generate Dragon Ball human names (male/female).
.TP
.B \-\-dragon_ball-saiyans
Generate Dragon Ball “Saiyans” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-dragon_ball-skians
Generate Dragon Ball “Skians” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-dragon_ball-tuffles
Generate Dragon Ball “Tuffles” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-dungeon_and_dragons-devas
Generate Dungeons & Dragons “devas” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-dungeon_and_dragons-dragonborns
Generate Dungeons & Dragons “dragonborns” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-dungeon_and_dragons-drows
Generate Dungeons & Dragons “drows” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-dungeon_and_dragons-dwarfs
Generate Dungeons & Dragons “dwarfs” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-dungeon_and_dragons-eladrins
Generate Dungeons & Dragons “eladrins” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-dungeon_and_dragons-elfs
Generate Dungeons & Dragons “elfs” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-dungeon_and_dragons-githzerais
Generate Dungeons & Dragons “githzerais” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-fantasy-aliens
Generate fantasy “aliens” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-fantasy-amazons
Generate fantasy “amazons” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-fantasy-angels
Generate fantasy “angels” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-fantasy-animal_species
Generate fantasy “animal species” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-fantasy-apocalypse_mutants
Generate fantasy “apocalypse mutants” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-elder_scrolls-bosmers
Generate Elder Scrolls “Bosmers” style names (built‑in generator).
.TP
.B \-\-eve_online-gallentes
Generate Eve Online “Gallentes” style names (built‑in generator).
.TP
.B \-\-harry_potter-goblins
Generate Harry Potter “Goblins” style names (built‑in generator).
.TP
.B \-\-places-plazas
Generate plaza names.
.TP
.B \-\-military-united_states
Generate United States military call‑sign style names (two random NATO phonetic alphabet words).
.TP
.B \-\-military-royal_navy
Generate Royal Navy military call‑sign style names.
.TP
.B \-\-warhammer-ogres
Generate Warhammer “ogres” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-towns_and_cities-ancient_greek_towns
Generate ancient Greek town and city names.
.TP
.B \-\-final_fantasy-roegadyns
Generate Final Fantasy “Roegadyn” style names.
.TP
.B \-\-pets-marine_mammals
Generate marine‑mammal names (built‑in generator).
.TP
.B \-\-rift-bahmis
Generate Rift “Bahmis” names (built‑in generator).
.TP
.B \-\-rift-eths
Generate Rift “Eths” names (built‑in generator).
.TP
.B \-\-inheritance_cycle-dragons
Generate inheritance‑cycle dragon names.
.TP
.B \-\-pop_culture-homestucks
Generate pop‑culture “Homestucks” names.
.TP
.B \-\-warhammer_40k-sisters_of_battles
Generate Warhammer 40k “Sisters of Battles” names.
.TP
.B \-\-towns_and_cities-east_european_towns
Generate East European town and city names.
.TP
.B \-\-real-norwegians
Generate real Norwegian names.
.TP
.B \-\-star_wars_the_old_republic-cathars
Generate Star Wars: The Old Republic “Cathars” style names (built‑in generator).
.TP
.B \-\-pets-reptiles
Generate reptile pet names (legacy JavaScript generator).
.TP
.B \-\-help, \-h
Show this help message and exit.
